Update documentation (#3726)
DFE-Digital/teaching-vacancies: documentation/deployments.md

- Push to a feature branch.
- Create a Pull Request.
- attach a `deploy` label

> The GitHub actions workflow [review.yml](/.github/workflows/review.yml) performs these steps, if a `deploy` label is attached to the pull request, then below happens, else no `build` or `deploy` jobs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub actions workflow [review.yml](/.github/workflows/review.yml) performs the below steps if a `deploy` label is attached to the pull request. If not, the `build` and `deploy` jobs will not run:
```

- Builds a Docker image from code in the feature branch
- Tags the Docker image with the tags:
    - branch name (e.g. [TEVA-1797-update-school-type-summary](https://hub.docker.com/layers/dfedigital/teaching-vacancies/TEVA-1797-update-school-type-summary/images/sha256-dc01451b1486e40a3fb1a32ca577c65ece1a28a2ff27eefbd2455202c93caa71?context=explore)). Review apps often go through several iterations, so it's worth the creation of an image in order to speed up building from cache on subsequent pushes to the branch.
    - a composite tag containing the PR number and a unique timestamp (e.g. [review-pr-2664-80dd5f417a0faabfbe3f1a4bf8570eefec07139a-20210118172840](https://hub.docker.com/layers/dfedigital/teaching-vacancies/review-pr-2664-80dd5f417a0faabfbe3f1a4bf8570eefec07139a-20210118172840/images/sha256-dc01451b1486e40a3fb1a32ca577c65ece1a28a2ff27eefbd2455202c93caa71?context=explore)). This is useful for identifying the image.

> - Logs in to Github's container registy as the service account `twd-tv-ci`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs in to GitHub's container registy as the service account `twd-tv-ci`
```

> - Pushes the image to Github's container registy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pushes the image to GitHub's container registy
```

- Builds a Docker image from code in the `dev` branch
- Tags the Docker image with the tag

> - Logs in to Github's container registy as the service account `twd-tv-ci`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs in to GitHub's container registy as the service account `twd-tv-ci`
```

> - Pushes the image to Github packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pushes the image to GitHub packages
```

- Builds and tags a Docker image from code in the `master` branch
- Tags the Docker image with the commit SHA as the tag

> - Logs in to Github's container registy as the service account `twd-tv-ci`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs in to GitHub's container registry as the service account `twd-tv-ci`
```

> - Pushes the image to Github packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pushes the image to GitHub packages
```

If you need to deploy a particular image to an environment, including in a rollback situation, this is possible with the [deploy_app.yml](/.github/workflows/deploy_app.yml) workflow.

> You will need to know the tag of the Docker image you wish to use. Go to this [Github packages](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/teaching-vacancies/pkgs/container/teaching-vacancies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to know the tag of the Docker image you wish to use. Go to the [Github packages](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/teaching-vacancies/pkgs/container/teaching-vacancies)
```

Requirements:
- [terraform CLI](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) of at least version `0.15.5`

> - Log in to Github Packages (with `docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME` - use PAT token as passoword)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log in to GitHub Packages (with `docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME` - use PAT token as passoword)
```
